# Sales Summary Dashboard\n\nThis project provides a simple, single-page web application to display a summary of sales data fetched from a local `data.csv` file. It calculates the total sales from the 'sales' column and presents it in a clear, responsive interface.\n\n## Features\n\n*   **Dynamic Data Loading:** Fetches `data.csv` asynchronously.\n*   **Sales Calculation:** Automatically sums the values in the 'sales' column.\n*   **Responsive Design:** Utilizes Tailwind CSS for a modern and adaptable user interface.\n*   **Error Handling:** Displays user-friendly messages if data loading or parsing fails.\n*   **Dynamic Title:** Sets the page title to reflect the sales summary.\n\n## Setup and Usage\n\nTo run this application, you only need to:\n\n1.  Save the `index.html` file.\n2.  Place your `data.csv` file in the **same directory** as `index.html`.\n3.  Open `index.html` in any modern web browser.\n\n### `data.csv` Format\n\nThe `data.csv` file is expected to be a comma-separated values file with a header row. It **must** contain a column named `sales` for the application to function correctly. Example:\n\n```csv\nitem,category,sales\nLaptop,Electronics,1200.50\nMouse,Electronics,25.99\nKeyboard,Electronics,75.00\nMonitor,Electronics,300.75\n```\n\n## Technologies Used\n\n*   **HTML5:** For the page structure.\n*   **CSS (Tailwind CSS CDN):** For styling and responsiveness.\n*   **JavaScript (Vanilla):** For data fetching, parsing, and DOM manipulation.\n\n## License\n\nThis project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for full details.